Everyone has done a pool or bracket for the and most of us have been beaten by the person who has never watched a game and randomly picked teams based on which cities had the best bars or shopping. 

This year 42six has decided to put a slight twist on this office tradition.  We're going to be sponsoring a computer based prediction contest where individuals or teams can compete to pick the winners of the brackets based on an implemented algorithm.  Here are the general rules:

1. Your results must be computed by a functioning software program (written in any language) and your results file and source code must be posted on github.

2. Register your entry by emailing your name (and team members if any) and the URL of your github project to finalfour2016@42six.com before 0800 ET on March 17th.

3. Points will be generated by every correct prediction your program makes weighted for the round the prediction was made (1, 2, 4, 8, 16 and finally 32 points for picking the winner).

4. Your results file must conform to the CSV file results.csv.  There should only be one results file in your github project, otherwise your results may not be evaluated correctly.  We will provide the normalized team names when we get closer to the tournament.

5. Code must be checked in by 0800 ET on March 17th (the day of the first games before they start).  No changes can be made after that time.  Any code that is modified in any way no matter how trivial after that date is subject to disqualification.

6. A completely subjective code review for the top scoring entries will yield additional style points.  0 points will be awarded for something like a random number generator that gets lucky and 50 points would be awarded for something like a trained neural network.

The winner/winning team will be awarded an ipad mini and a special trophy.

This contest is open to CSRA employees only.

You my use the following tool to validate that your input file can be read correctly.
https://github.com/42sixsolutions/march-madness-checker